All data in the database needs to have some sense of "authority" given as a avg, stdev for our belief in the accuracy of some information.

All forms need to have auto complete logic - in fact anything that can be submitted should have the ability to be autofilled. (we need to be concerned about data leakage here).

Tags are better than categories - we can use tags to auto-create categories. We will have to have some notion of official categories though.

----
We need to have QR codes for nearly every bit of content, and transaction.  It looks like some form of "merch scans QR code" -- "Auto-redeam" could be a feature that causes the redemption to go through automatically.

Redemption needs to have "undo"
----

How do we calculate a user's reputation? EV(all actions performed for which they have earned rewards). -- Reputation = rewards points.

-----

Storing data for approximations - essentially we need to store totals vs divisions (averages.) and then also the sum of absolut_value(values - (average at that time)) vs total points.  This gives us all our paramiters for averaging values.

While we're at it I want to store a base 2 time average (actually, I think the base can be changed later as long as the information isn't lost. I'll need to check the algebra on this.)

I also want to store the derivatives. If we store the derivatives as we go (just like the first 10 of them), we can plot all sorts of rad shit.

Lastly, can we go right ahead and calculate running FFT's? 

-----

Redemption and processing - how do we make this work so that we can track the intermediate states of processing happening as it goes through?


It might be smart to separate Purchases into 3 separate objects -> purchase (for knotis w/ anonymous id's), user_purchase and merch_purchase. That way either the merchant or the user's purchase data can actually be expunged effectively (though heart breakingly)

----

How do we use KISS? We're reimplementing a lot of other peoples features.

Babysitting?
Hotel's Amenities?
Nearest Happy Hour?
Cheapest Haircut?

